c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/h/list/20_00/personality_voice_c24_03_02/translation.txt

私、イきそうですけど、無視でいいですから……♡　射精のための前戯が終わったと思ってください……♡=I'm almost there but, you can ignore it if you want...♡ Please just think of it all as foreplay for the real thing, to make you cum...♡
そんなにガツガツしたら……♡　あなたより先にイッ……あ、だめです、やっぱり、イっちゃいます……♡=If you devour me like that...♡ I'll cu--... Ah, I can't, I really will cum before you...♡
声は我慢しますけど、おまんこのビクビクは我慢できなさそうです……♡　ごめんなさい……♡=I can endure my moans, but not my pussy's throbbing...♡ I'm sorry...♡

> もう来ちゃいそうですか？　いいですよ……♡　私のどこでも性処理スケベ穴に全部出してください……♡=Are you almost there? Go ahead...♡ Please pour it all into my 24x7 Lust-Relief hole...♡

Author: ```suggestion
もう来ちゃいそうですか？　いいですよ……♡　私のどこでも性処理スケベ穴に全部出してください……♡=Are you almost there? Go ahead...♡ Please pour it all into my 24/7 Lust-Relief hole...♡
```
